Update XML syntax to change block's template (#7977)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/frontend-dev-guide/layouts/xml-manage.md

 </referenceBlock>
```

**Example 3: using the `<action method="setTemplate">` instruction**

```xml
 <referenceBlock name="page.main.title">
   <action method="setTemplate">
     <argument name="template" xsi:type="string">%Namespace_Module::new_template.phtml%</argument>
   </action>
 </referenceBlock>
```

In all listed above examples, the template is specified according to the following:

-  `Namespace_Module:` defines the module the template belongs to. For example, `Magento_Catalog`.
-  `new_template.phtml`: the path to the template relatively to the `templates` directory. It might be `<module_dir>/view/<area>/templates` or `<theme_dir>/<Namespace_Module>/templates`.

{:.bs-callout-info}

> The highest priority has template that is set with setTemplate action `<action method="setTemplate">`, second priotiry has template value specified as attribute `<referenceBlock name="..." template="..."/>`, and the loweset priority has template specified using `<argument>`. It means, that if for a certain block, a template is set as attribute, it will override the value you specify in `<argument>` for the same block. In case if we have `<action method="setTemplate">` construction - it will override the values that you specified in template attribute `<referenceBlock name="..." template="..."/>` and the value you specified using `<argument>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The highest priority template is one with setTemplate action `<action method="setTemplate">`, second priority has attribute specified as `<referenceBlock name="..." template="..."/>` and the lowest priority has the template using `<argument>`.

It means, that if for a certain block, a template is set as an attribute, it will override the value you specify in `<argument>` for the same block. In the case where we have `<action method="setTemplate">` construction - it will override the values that you specified in the template attribute `<referenceBlock name="..." template="..."/>` and the value you specified using `<argument>`.
```
